Major Refactor: Add Ruff Linting, Nox, and Pre-Commit Hook (#266)
plenoptic-org/plenoptic: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Using nox to simplify testing and linting
This section is optional but if you want to easily run tests in an isolated environment
using the [nox](https://nox.thea.codes/en/stable/) command-line tool.

`nox` is installed automatically as a `[dev]` dependency of plenoptic.

To run all tests and linters through `nox`, from the root folder of the
plenoptic package, execute the following command,

```bash
nox
```

`nox` will read the configuration from the `noxfile.py` script.

If you want to run just the tests, add the following option,

```bash
nox -s tests
```

for running only the linters,

```bash
nox -s linters
```

and for testing only the coverage, run:

```bash
nox -s coverage
```

`nox` offers a variety of configuration options, you can learn more about it from their
[documentation](https://nox.thea.codes/en/stable/config.html).

#### Multi-python version testing with pyenv
Sometimes, before opening a pull-request that will trigger the `.github/workflow/ci.yml` continuous
integration workflow, you may want to test your changes over all the supported python versions locally.

Handling multiple installed python versions on the same machine can be challenging and confusing.

> [`pyenv`](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) is a great tool that really comes to the rescue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`pyenv`](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) is a great tool that really comes to the rescue. Note that `pyenv` just handles python versions --- virtual environments have to be handled separately, using [`pyenv-virtualenv`](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv)!
```

Follow carefully the instructions to configure pyenv after installation.

Once you have tha package installed and configured, you can install multiple python version through it.
First get a list of the available versions with the command,

```bash
pyenv install -l
```

Install the python version you need. For this example, let's assume we want `python 3.10.11` and `python 3.11.8`,

```bash
pyenv install 3.10.11
pyenv install 3.11.8
```

You can check which python version is currently set as default, by typing,

```bash
pyenv which python
```

And you can list all available versions of python with,

```bash
pyenv versions
```
If you want to run `nox` on multiple python versions, all you need to do is:

1. Set your desired versions as `global`.
    ```bash
    pyenv global 3.11.8 3.10.11
    ```
    This will make both version available, and the default python will be set to the first one listed
    (`3.11.8` in this case).
2. Run nox specifying the python version as an option.
    ```bash
    nox -p 3.10
    ```

Note that `noxfile.py` lists the available option as keyword arguments in a session specific manner.

> If you have multiple python version installed, we recommend to manage your virtual environments
> through `pyenv`. For that you'll need to install the extension
> [`pyenv-virtualenv`](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned earlier, if you have multiple python version installed, we recommend you manage your virtual environments through `pyenv` using the [`pyenv-virtualenv`](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv) extension.
```

`nox` will read the configuration from the `noxfile.py` script.

If you only want to run an individual session (e.g., lint or test), you can first check which sessions are available with the following command:

```bash
nox -l
```

> or
> ```bash
> nox -list
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
